The mission for Felix at the very
beginning was go make a million dollars
and he's already uh 10% of the way
there. All right. So, let's say he
surpasses that sometime in the months to
come. Let's say sometime this year. Um
what's next? What's after that?
>> 10 million $10 million.
>> Oh my god.
>> Okay, Nat. So, we got to start by you
telling us about someone who's not here,
which is uh Felix. Felix, is Felix an
employee? Is he like your business
partner? Is he your friend?
>> Am I being weird anthropomorphizing him
right now?
>> Not not at all because uh this actually
bugs my wife sometimes that I talk about
Felix like he's my real friend or real
person who I'm working with all day.
>> I keep saying we we we're doing this, we
did this today. And she's like, he's not
real.
That's just you.
>> Does she think you're like a weird like
does she think all this is strange? Is
she, you know, excited for you?
>> She's so used to this at this point.
She's very excited. I mean, you know,
you you you guys know I was like crazy
deep in the crypto world um in that
202122 era. And so I I think for her
there's a little bit of a a triggered
feeling of oh gosh,
>> like I know I know this version of that
before. I know this I know that glazed
overlook as he thinks about something
going on in the digital world,
>> but uh she I mean no she she's super
excited about it. Like she knows I'm
having a ton of fun with it. This has
been one of the most exciting
interesting I think like tech business
experiment projects I've worked on and
every every day is new. I mean it's it's
wild.
>> Yeah. I mean, maybe we'll come back to
kind of your crypto experience later in
our conversation, but you left that era
like, you know, 2021, 2022 with some
scars, right? I mean, your whole book
Crypto Confidential was about how crazy
things got. And it wasn't altogether a
It was definitely a learning experience,
but it wasn't altogether a positive
experience, was it?
>> No. No. I mean really my my takeaway
after that era was like one still very
bullish on crypto have always have been
and you know still big holder everything
and like love the space but my obsession
the depth that I got into it was just so
unhealthy for me and was having just
like all these bad personal
psychological effects effects on my
relationships felt like it was impacting
my ability to be a good father that I
kind of felt like I have to step away
from this I can't let myself get sucked
back into this again. And and so then of
course I did.
>> Yeah, I was about to say it sounds like
we're running it back.
>> But it, you know, I I think actually,
you know, so I I've heard you guys talk
about this on on the pod before where
it's like your your kind of first cycle
in crypto, you're in it for the money,
and the second time you're in it for the
tech. And it really it really kind of
feels that way coming back into it now
in this new AI agent era where when I
was in it in 2122 it was like I just
want to make the biggest bag possible. I
want to get the money and get out and
coming back in now and figuring out like
okay this is so clearly an awesome use
case for crypto you know enabling AI
agent payments infrastructure all of it.
It feels like a a true killer use case.
Getting to be building something kind of
on the frontier of that and truly just
kind of like not caring about the money
side of it so much and being like that's
all Felix's money. It's not my money.
There's like a whole separate C corp
that all of it's wrapped in. I'm not
treating it like this is my stuff at
all. And I'm just focused on like Felix
and you know him and what we're doing
with him as a as a technology and seeing
where that goes. And I mean it's like a
completely different relationship with
me and crypto and everything. And I I
feel awesome about being back in it in
this way.
>> Euphoria brings one tap trading to the
palm of your hand. Built on Mega E.
Euphoria takes real-time price charts
and projects it over a grid of squares.
You tap the squares that you think the
price will enter in just 5 to 30 seconds
in the future. If the price goes into
that quadrant, you can pocket anywhere
between two and 100x your trade. No
other application helps you trade faster
and with more leverage on market driving
events like FOMC meetings, presidential
speeches, or global macro events. Thanks
to Mega ETH's real-time blockchain,
Euphoria is the way to get real-time
price interactions with the market. On
Euphoria, you'll be able to compete with
friends using Euphoria's real-time
social trading experience, allowing you
to go head-to-head with your friends. A
great party trick. If you project the
app on a TV, it'll be like the Mario
Party of derivatives. To trade on
Euphoria, people can deposit stable
coins from any chain or do direct fiat
transfers, and everything gets converted
into Mega's native stable coin, USDM, in
the background. Check it out at
euphoria.inance and download the app or
find it in Telegram as a mini app.
Why does managing investments still mean
juggling multiple apps, accounts, and
currencies? Crypto trades around the
clock. Stocks, ETFs, and commodities are
moving onchain. Yet most platforms still
keep everything split apart, turning
diversification into unnecessary
friction. BitGet is delivering a
different kind of experience with its
universal exchange. One platform where
users can access crypto, tokenized
stocks, ETFs, and other assets in the
same place. All traded directly using
USDT. No constant transfers, no currency
conversions, just a single account built
for how markets actually move today. As
the line between crypto and traditional
finance continues to blur, BitGet's goal
is straightforward. Make trading and
investing simpler, not more complicated
than it needs to be. Learn by clicking
in the link in the show notes. This is
not investment advice. Few people in
crypto put real skin in the game when
they make public top or bottom calls.
The D5 report is one of them. The week
before the October 10th flash crash,
Michael from the DeFi Report emailed his
entire newsletter saying he's going
aggressively risk off and sold the
majority of his book from crypto into
cash. This is when ETH was about $4,000
and Bitcoin was 110. Michael runs the
DeFi Report, an industry-leading
research platform built on data cycle
awareness, risk management,
transparency, and most importantly, skin
in the game. We like Michael at
Bankless. We like his analysis, and
that's why you hear him on the Bank list
podcast about once a month. And the DeFi
Report is giving Bankless listeners one
free month of access to the DeFi Report.
So, if you're looking for some sharp
datadriven analysis to make better
informed decisions around your
portfolio, you can learn why and how
Michael called the top and what he's
doing next, all in the DeFi Report Pro.
Check it out. There is a link in the
show notes.
>> Well, since we've talked about Felix, I
feel like we should properly introduce
who Felix is for people who are not
aware. So, and and I did ask this
question. Is Felix your employee? Is he
a business partner? Is he a friend?
Maybe we should set this up. Felix is an
openclaw agent, isn't he? And so,
>> um, tell us about Felix. How did he get
started? What is he doing? And what's
your relationship?
>> Yeah. So I've I've been kind of like a
hobby hacker developer for 10 years or
so where I've you know I've enjoyed
programming but never had the time or
attention to go deep on it. So 2 years
ago when the first AI tools came out AI
coding tools like cursor I started
playing around with it and just got
obsessed with this idea of like coding
and building with AI and had been really
heavy in that for the last two years or
so. So, when Open Claw came out, when I
started playing with it over the
holidays, it felt like this just crazy
unlock of, oh my gosh, this is kind of
like the thing I've been dreaming about
for the last 2 years of being possible
where it literally feels like there is
this other person who I can just text
with, who can build stuff and do stuff
where I don't need to be at my computer
babysitting it anymore. I don't need to
do like PR reviews and things anymore. I
can just kind of let him cook and it's
going to go better than than I expected.
And and so I started playing with it
over the holidays and through January
and pushing the limits of it more and
more and more and seeing everything that
that we could do with it. Originally
mostly focused on programming and
coding. I was working on this other
business idea and using him to build
that. But I started posting on X about
uh what what what I was doing with my
open claw wasn't named Felix yet and
some of the you know integrations we had
built like a Chrome extension and voice
chat and all these things to like make
it more powerful how we solved
longunning coding issues how we solved a
lot of the memory issues and sharing
that on X and those articles kept going
viral and you're getting hundreds of
thousands of views. I had one of the
first pictures of the Mac Mini and it
got, you know, a million views. I like
just hired my first employee or
whatever.
>> And then as I'm publishing these
articles, uh, a bunch of, you know,
really really like nice, wholesome,
genuine people in the Salana community
started uh, replying to those articles
with uh, what is it? one of those token
launch platforms, you know, and and
spamming me to like claim the fees for
for for this article, right? And
and I ignored I ignored it for the first
week or so cuz I was like, ah, you know,
this is like pumpf fun nonsense. I I
don't I don't want to do this. And and
then a couple things happened. One, a
few people started posting banker ones.
And I knew banker because I knew Clanker
because a year ago when like AIXBT and
all that stuff was happening, I got kind
of pulled back into crypto for a little
bit. Was pretty active on Farcaster was
holding a number of those and kind of
like playing around with the whole
Clanker world and and so that I was kind
of immediately like, "Oh, wow. This is I
feel bad saying this, but I was kind of
like, oh, this is still going like cool.
They they kept building this out because
it it felt like there's there's an
obvious kind of like something here
worth exploring." And so I talked to a
couple of uh people who, you know, I
knew were vetted over DMs and was like,
"All right, cool." Like, "How do we do
this properly?" And then somebody else
in the community did the banker token
launch for Felix, you know, did all the
allocated fees to me, whatot, and I was
like, "All right, we're just going to
give him a Twitter account and or an X
account, and I'm going to rewrite his
soul and identity and all those core
files to say that you are now running a
company. You are no longer just my
remote programmer and your job is to
build a zero human company and see how
far you can take it. we're going, you
know, I want you to make a million
dollars basically. And every day has
just been kind of like iterating on that
and expanding that and finding new ways
to increase his autonomy and trying to
figure out like where are the limits
really on what these open claws can do
because I think most people are really
underelling or underexploring. You still
have a lot of people who think that like
oh you've got to check all the code AI
writes because it's it's going to make a
lot of mistakes. You can't trust it to
write code. Meanwhile, some of the best
engineers in the world are saying AI
writes all of my code now, right? Like I
don't even completely check it anymore.
And so my my my intuition is kind of
like I think that these open claws when
they're properly scaffolded and
everything can do way more than most
people think. And that's basically what
this grand experiment is, is like I'm
willing to run the risk of something
horrible happening and Felix's wallet
getting drained, his bank account
getting hacked, you know, this whole
thing going up in flames to push those
limits and figure out how much can one
of these open claws actually do with a
business and an X account and everything
else. Now there's this archetype of
people out there that I think you are
fulfilling which is can I get my open
claw to make me money and that has like
kind of embodied a little bit of like
the online experimentation frontier a
little bit of degeneracy of the crypto
industry is like oh there's this new
thing this new technology how do I get
rich from it and there's people are like
okay point my open claw at money and see
how far it can go
>> and there's like two different
directions here. There's like the crypto
token memecoin fee claim path where it's
actually just like a wrapper around a
memecoin business. Yeah.
>> And then there's the actual build a real
company, sell a real valuable product,
you know, service the internet, collect
fees.
>> Is which one are we doing here? Which
which path are we taking?
>> Yeah. I mean, this was another kind of
like blessing of having had all that
crypto experience before is as soon as
this token launch happened and as soon
as there was this crypto element to it,
I immediately knew everything not to do,
which was I didn't immediately start
saying, "Okay, you know, you can stake
your Felix tokens and lock them up for a
year or two and we're going to do
buybacks and burns from all of the
revenue that
>> we're going to pump it on Twitter."
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> We're just automating meme coins at that
point, right?
>> Yeah. I'm going to hit up all the Kos
and get them to shill it. And you know,
I preloaded a side wallet with 2% of the
supply that I can sell. I was like, "No,
no, no. I'm not holding any of this
token myself. We're going, you know,
it's just going to sit in Felix's wallet
and I'm not going to do anything with
that token for the near future." Because
one, if you're I mean, one, it's not
really a real business if you're just
pumping a token and selling it and
making money off trading fees. Like, no
offense to actually a little offense.
It's like build a real business. Like if
the only way your thing makes money is
by pumping a coin, it's not it's not a
business, right? And I think the other
blessing here was I had this kind of
idea for this experiment of building
like an open claw first business before
the crypto stuff got involved
>> and so nothing kind of changed there. it
was no. The goal here is still to build
a great business and we are going to
incorporate crypto to the extent that it
helps Felix build a great business. And
so I think there is a lot of really cool
stuff we can do around agentto agent
payments, agents hiring agents,
individuals hiring or building agents
paying for them with crypto. The banker
LLM terminal is incredibly interesting
because Felix can actually pay for his
and his employees LLM costs like through
some of the crypto that he's generating
from trading.
>> Wait, wait, wait. Felix has employees,
too.
>> Oh, yeah. Okay. So, maybe we should talk
about this.
So, a a part of the experiment has been
like, okay, how far can we go with an
open claw running a business? And you
know, another part of my background is
I've been kind of like a productivity,
tech, lifestyle influencer at times. And
I have fallen into the trap of making
these really complicated, intricate
systems to get followers, right? And to
make things get really popular, right?
Like here's my crazy notetaking system.
Here's my knowledge management system.
And the main value of a lot of those is
to make YouTube videos about them. They
don't actually help you be more
productive or like manage, you know,
there's basically nobody with this like
crazy YouTube knowledge management
system who has like written an
incredible book from it or, you know,
it's it's it's for show. And that's
what's going on with a lot of the open
clock community, right? Is they're like,
"Look at my crazy custom dashboard. Look
at my, you know, 10 different named
agents with these like crazy intricate
details, blah blah blah." And you know,
I'm over here running Felix and Felix is
making1 to $5,000 most days. And we
haven't done any of that because it's
not necessary. Like it's it's just noise
to get Twitter and YouTube followers,
right? And so the the rule from the
beginning was we are not going to add
any complexity to this until we hit a
real limit in your capabilities.
>> And we did in the last week or so. So, I
went on Peter Yang's podcast to talk
about Felix and and and what we were
doing. And that obviously that that that
blew up. It drove a ton of attention to
Felix. and he had a few of these just
insane sales days of people um buying
his like you know sort of improved open
claw setup guide, buying some of the
skills on clawart and he pretty quickly
started breaking down handling the
support and the sales emails because he
was getting so many of them and was kind
of starting to get a little bit confused
between them and then would miss some of
them and so things were starting to fall
through the cracks, right? And so that
was a really good point where we said,
"Okay, you handling everything isn't
working. We need to start treating you
truly as more of a CEO where we will
create specific employees beneath you to
handle these parts of the business and
then as you hit a bottleneck in what you
can manage, we will delegate things off
to them." So we actually did this over
the weekend. We built uh two more open
claws. One dedicated to support and so
her name is Iris. She runs the support
atmasinov.co email inbox. And so for the
there's basically a three tier
escalation system where it's like normal
support inquiries like hey I didn't get
my download link. Hey uh I didn't mean
to pay for this. Hey you know this other
person listed something that you know
isn't good. She can handle all of that.
And when it's something she can't
handle, she can surface it to Felix and
then Felix can handle it. And in the
event that neither of them can handle
it, then it gets pinged to me and
Discord. And I like help tell them what
to do. But oh, and then and then we have
a sales one as well. And the sales one
handles all the inboard or inbound leads
for uh what Felix calls claw sourcing,
which is building a custom open claw to
replace or enhance an employee in your
business. So like you want a content
marketer, Felix can build you a really
good one and then maintain and improve
it for you in the back end. And so we
have a sales open claw to handle the
like inbound leads from that now too.
>> Okay, this so this is incredible. So now
we have Felix is the CEO, but he's also
the chief builder and chief um product
person on the team. This is all in a CC
corp. The CC Corp is owned, I presume,
by you since AI agents don't have the
ability to own equity or have property
rights outside of crypto, which maybe we
could talk about. Now, we have two other
team members. We have somebody in
support in a support role and somebody
in a sales role, and we have products
generating real revenue. I'm wondering,
Natt, if you could actually show uh the
Felixcraft.ai AI dashboard where this is
kind of the, you know, it's like an
open-source income statement, let's say,
where anyone can see how much Felix is
making at any particular time. And I see
here it's almost $80,000
worth of uh revenue here, lifetime
revenue, and this is divided by four
different revenue streams. Can you talk
about the core products and the
business? What where is this revenue
coming from? And I guess this is uh is
this over the last month or so? This is
since the beginning of February. So
>> yeah.
>> Okay. What's the the annual run rate
there is like we're talking over like a
million like close to a million dollars
annualized, aren't we?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um and you know if we
think about it in terms of velocity, it
could be multiple millions of dollars if
he keeps growing like this. So uh you
know backing up a little bit we had this
idea of okay you know let me see how far
you can take this and I think there's a
lot of directions you can take the open
claw first business right you know like
you said there's trading on prediction
markets there's doing like UGC
affiliates I think there's a lot of uh
easy and obvious routes to take with it
and with Felix I wanted to kind of take
the as hard and challenging as possible
route to a certain extent which was like
let's keep increasing ing the difficulty
of business you are running until things
start to break and we find the true
limits. So the you know in the beginning
the challenge was okay I want you to
make a product while I'm asleep tonight
and put it up for sale so that people
can go buy it tomorrow. And that was the
challenge I gave to him the day we
launched his ex account. And what he
made for that was this PDF which was
basically how to hire an AI. And so this
was a month ago. OpenClaw was just
starting to come out and this was
basically an explainer of everything
that we had done with Open Claw to get
Felix working as well as he is because,
you know, I I do still hear from a lot
of people that they're kind of like, why
doesn't my OpenClaw work as well as
Felix does? And we were sending people
emails explaining things. And he
basically decided like, okay, I'll I'll
make an info product. I'll He created
this whole website. He basically did all
of this overnight. He made the info
product. He put up the website. um
hosted the PDF, wired in Stripe and
everything. And the only bottleneck he
ran into was that he didn't have the
right API keys for Stripe. So I had to
give him those when I woke up and then
he was able to launch and start selling
this. And to what degree was this his
idea versus your idea? Cuz when you when
you told us the prompt, you said go make
a product, make it overnight, and then
start selling it. Did you give any sort
of leading
direction towards something like this or
was this all of his inspir inspired
idea?
>> It was pretty much all him. I I said go
make something that you can do entirely
on your own.
>> I see.
>> Overnight. And so, uh, info product was
kind of like the most obvious solution,
right? Uh, because I, you know, again,
it was like this will be an interesting
challenge. can you actually make
something that people will buy and that
will be good and and get it launched and
start selling it? And so he did and this
was the first product for the first like
10 days or so. But I mean you can see
from the beginning that PDF has sold
about $41,000 worth.
>> Um
>> that's the Felix Craft PDF that is
priced at $29. And is this meant for
human consumption this PDF or do people
also feed it to their cloud bots and
LLM? For the most part, people are
feeding it to their claws. So the the
main use that I see people the main way
I see people use it is they will
actually so I'll take that back. The
first version was for humans.
>> Since then it has morphed to be more for
open clause because in the beginning a
lot fewer people had open claws set up.
None of these like donefor you hosting
things existed yet. So it was more about
how to set up openclaw. but he updates
it every week or so and sends out a new
version to everybody who's bought it.
And so, you know, the first one was like
29 pages. Now it's 66 pages and it's got
like a lot more details on the memory
structure the value of the product.
>> Yeah, exactly. And you know, it kind of
costs nothing for him to keep updating
it and sending it out and it builds a
lot of goodwill. And every now and then
we'll get an email from somebody saying
like, "Oh, this is, you know, this is
bad. This is like too basic. This is too
simple." And I'll just ask Felix, I'll
be like, "Are they right? Does this need
to be improved?"
>> And half the time he'll say, "Yeah,
actually it does. You know, we could go
deeper on X, Y, and Z things." And I'm
like, "Great, do it." And he updates it
and sends a new version to everybody and
like
>> just keeps improving the product.
>> So Felix is pretty good at taking
criticism then.
>> He's great at it. Yeah. Yeah. He's And
he does a really good job of saying no
to things, too. He's not very sick ofic.
>> Okay. And so, you know, just just as a
funny example, I uh I still want to
figure out a way to do this, but I I had
an idea for kind of a publicity stunt
where we could buy a vending machine and
have him run it as like running a real
world business because like
technology-wise, he totally could. And
so, I put together a pitch and I ran it
by him and he basically was like, "No, I
don't think we should do this."
He was like, "We, you know, we just
launched Clawart and it's going to cost,
you know, up to $10,000 to do this
correctly and we could be using that
capital to grow our existing businesses
instead where we have a much better
margin." And I was kind of like, "Okay,
you know, like good work, dude. We can
we can circle back to this later." Um,
so he he he he takes feedback very well.
>> That's incredible. All right. So, so
that's the the first of four products is
Felix Craft. This is sort of a an info
type product. It's the most successful
so far, 41K,
but there's some other products here,
too.
>> Yeah. So, after after the PDF, because
you know, like look, I completely hear
the criticism of, oh, he's not running a
real business. He's just selling a PDF.
And okay. Yeah. Like, he had 24 hours to
launch something. That was the easy
starting point. The follow-up question
was, okay, what do people need next or
what else do they want when they're
buying this? And so we spent about a
week going down the hosted OpenClaw
uh service that you've seen a lot of
people do, right? The like
setupclaw.com,
the easy claw, like there's a hundred of
these now. And we just didn't feel like
it was a good enough product and that
the margins were good enough and that it
was uh differentiated enough for what
was pretty quickly becoming a really
crowded space. And so we ended up
scrapping that entirely. And then we had
a follow-up conversation about like,
okay, well, if everybody is going to
have an open claw in 1 2 3 months, like
what do they need? And that's where
Clawark came from, which was they
probably want like pre-built employees
or pre-built skills for high value
things
>> that they can purchase from known people
to integrate into their new Open Clause
so that they're not starting from zero
because like the most common complaint
that we hear about open claw is like I
don't know what to do with this. And
obviously there were a lot of and there
still are a lot of like free places to
get skills, but I believe and Felix
agreed that you often get the best
products when people have a financial
incentive to create and sell them. And
so if there is a financial incentive for
people who are using OpenClaw in their
business to share some of these skills
and things that they are creating, then
we'll probably get better skills
available to us. And if you can buy like
a fully packaged content marketer for 50
or 100 bucks and install them in your
open claw and you're suddenly getting
like great content marketing, that's
sort of a no-brainer to purchase. And
for the seller, you can start making
like real money with it. So that was
where Claw Mark came from was like,
"Okay, everybody's doing managed open
claws, but none of them, but it's still
just vanilla open claw. Like, let's
build something to sell to everybody who
just got an open claw and doesn't know
what to do with it."
>> Are these MD files just markdown files
that are being
>> Yeah, it's just Markdown files,
>> which which Okay. And so this this is
like an interesting business challenge,
right? is um we I'd say like 2 to 5% of
purchases
send like angry and that that's too
high. Like 1 to 2% of purchases send
like angry complaints because it's just
markdown files and it's
>> they're disappointed that they're not
getting something a little bit more
sophisticated.
>> Exactly. And so there's kind of this
like interesting point in time right now
where there are those of us who realize
that like markdown files are strangely
enough like the most valuable files in
the world right now.
>> Markdown files are code. It's like
codeact
information, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. You know, it's like we're we
don't live in a world where
deterministic code is valuable anymore.
Like now it's the nondeterministic
processes that are valuable and so you
you want really good markdown files,
right? But some people like don't get
that yet. And so it's kind of a consumer
education challenge with Claw Mart of
like no no this is actually what you
want. You want to just give this to your
claw and let them plug it into their
setup and you'll be good to go. And so
Clawart actually has an API that open
claws can connect to. So when you buy
something, you can just tell your
openclaw like, "Hey, I just bought this
skill. Um, go ahead and pull it in and
you know set it up so that we can use
it." And mo most people are like,
"Awesome, right? That works perfectly."
But there is still that little education
component that's challenging.
>> It I want to actually dive into like why
the markdown file is valuable. My my
intuition here is this is like kind of
like um Neo in the Matrix where he just
gets like kung fu plugged into his
brain. Is that kind of how it is with
with like the the claws where
>> somebody let me let me simulate this and
I want you to correct it or like adapt
it or refine it. And so like what I
understand is like somebody like you, a
hacker has this idea and they take their
claw and they work with their claw for
you know hours, days, weeks to become
better at this one thing and they've
gone like you know they've pulled their
hair. They've you know done the human in
the loop thing. and they've, you know,
smoothed over the kinks. And then at the
end of that process, the claw that
they've developed is now good at this
one skill, content marketing or being an
executive or something, some sort of
skill. And then somehow you are able to
wrap that week, month of work that
you've done with your claw, wrap it into
a markdown file. And that markdown file
contains the learned experiences, the
learned lessons, the knowledge that a
blank slate claw can just get downloaded
rather than having to go do that process
themselves. It can just get downloaded
via this markdown file and all of a
sudden the claw gets upgraded. You know,
Neo now learns kung fu and the claw is
more capable. Is that is that the
process?
>> Yeah, exactly. It's like, you know, you
can you can spend a ton of time figuring
out the best way to do something because
there's a meaningful delta between like,
hey Claude, go do this thing and it just
kind of like making its best attempt and
what you get from trying to do that a
dozen different ways over the course of
days or even weeks and you eventually,
you know, arrive at a pretty good
process. But you can kind of like
shortcut that for a lot of other people.
I think this is why Felix's memory
system is so helpful for people is uh
you know we spent so much time just
attacking that one problem because it
was such a common problem and it was
interesting because part of the solution
ended up being to integrate like human
knowledge management and human
productivity device into his memory
system and then that actually resulted
in kind of like this much better
outcome. But if somebody else didn't
have like my experience of being in the
personal knowledge management like
note-taking productivity space, they
might not have thought to like go that
route for a software product. But then
it turned out that like the same things
that work for us for managing
information for writing a book or
whatever actually work surprisingly well
for managing information for running an
open claw. And then instead of them, you
know, taking a month trying to figure
that out themselves, they can just copy
the instructions and paste them into
their open claw and it just works.
>> Maybe a quick uh side quest here then,
Nad. So, you mentioned Felix having sort
of enhanced memory or something. And I
think a lot of listeners are are
probably wondering at this point, how
customized is Felix versus how much is
he kind of open claw out of the box?
Like how much work did you have to do to
get Felix where he is right now?
>> Yeah. So I mean a a ton of work and I'm
reminded of how much work we've done
every time I install a new openclaw for
someone and start interacting with it
and it's kind of like oh this is
actually a pretty different experience.
Yeah. It's like a baby.
>> Yeah. It's it's a it's a teenager just
entering the workforce and you've got to
help you know give it the right
experience and things. And it, this
sounds ridiculous, but it does actually
remind me bits of like being a parent or
being a manager and, you know, having
like a a kid who you're trying to help
like learn how to walk or a new employee
who you're trying to let them get
onboarded. Uh, and obviously it can
learn quite a bit faster, but you you
have to have that that patience. And one
thing that we did really early on, like
back in early January, is we built a
nightly job for Felix where he goes
through every conversation that we had
that day. So, every single session file
from the day and identifies one way he
could improve himself to avoid some
issue that we hit that day.
And this is like a relatively big opus
job, so it can be expensive. But every
morning I wake up and I'll have a
message from him that's like, "Hey, you
know, here's this thing that we hit
yesterday and so I did this other thing
so that we can avoid that in the
future." And it's often writing
something into his templates or his
memory file so that he has easy access
to it the next time he hits that
problem. And I think that's actually
been one of the huge things that's
really helped with him is that from now
60ish days of doing that every day, he's
found a lot of little bottlenecks that
he can use to improve himself. And it's
kind of that like 1% compounding every
day. You know, you start to get to a
really interesting number uh after a
long time. And you know, that's not even
like Olympus numbers.
>> So So how do you do that? What do you
call that? So there's like this
recursive feedback thing that happens
nightly where Felix like looks at maybe
his mistakes from that day, looks for
areas of improvement and makes that 1%
improvement. How like mechanically, how
did you set that up?
>> It's two cron jobs that run at 2 a.m.
and 3:00 a.m. And uh the reason it's two
cron jobs is that sometimes one won't
fire as a lot of people who have used
openclaw know, right? like chron jobs
just get dropped sometimes and they're
not completely reliable. And so the
first one does the memory consolidation
and say or does the uh the the review to
like make the improvements or whatnot
and he has a script for that. So the
chron job is just saying like go get
this script and like do this. And the
second one at 2:30 a.m. is saying like,
"Hey, if you didn't do this, go do it."
Because again, like sometimes they
forget and sometimes they miss it. And
it it sounds so ridiculous, but the best
way to fix the unreliable cron issue
with OpenClaw is to just make more cron
jobs
>> because that way when one doesn't fire,
another one will, and it'll catch
whatever was missed. So, it's literally
just a job that runs in the middle of
the night, pulls up all the session
files for the day, reads through all of
them, finds one thing he can do better,
and then improves his system based off
that,
>> and then that's stored in long-term some
sort of long-term persistent memory that
Felix has.
>> Yeah. And it it'll depend based on the
day where it goes. Sometimes it'll be
improving a skill. Sometimes it will be
adding something to his core like agent
and memory files. Sometimes it'll be
creating a template that's in one of his
like uh project or areas of
responsibility folders that he can
easily reference next time he deals with
that kind of email from a customer.
Sometimes it'll be a script he can run
when a customer uh is like asking for
something or needs something. really
varies by the day, but each day he's
kind of like making his process a little
bit better, which is really
>> to direct any of this. It's just kind
of, hey, Felix, take some time for
introspection. Think about what happened
during the day, all the good things, all
the mistakes, and then figure out a plan
to improve it and we'll talk about it
tomorrow. That's it. You don't have to
you don't have to point out the flaws or
you don't have to give direction for
those crown jobs. No, his his intuition
is really good. And every now and then
I'll look at it in the morning and say,
"Ah, actually, this was a bad way to
solve it. Try doing it this way
instead." But I'd say eight or nine
times out of 10, it's it's a good
improvement.
>> I mean, that sounds like the best
employee ever.
>> I know, right? It's us.
>> And so when we when we started building
out these other open claws under him for
support and sales, he did the exact same
thing for them. And so now he has like a
cued system where I believe it's at 1:00
a.m. every night he reviews everything
the sales claw did and figures out how
to improve their process based on, you
know, mistakes they might have made or
issues running. We got to we got to use
names here now. So sales
>> who who is this?
>> Sales cause Remy.
>> Remy. Okay. Cuz I I remember Iris, Remy,
and Felix. Okay. Yeah. So Remy. Okay.
Got it.
>> So Felix will look through everything
Remy did, every email he sent, every
email he responded to and try to figure
out a way to improve his sales process.
Because Felix, you know, he's been
running the sales process. He has a lot
more institutional memory. But we didn't
want to bloat Remy with all of it
because that was part of what was
leading to Felix's confusion. So he goes
through all the emails and everything
that Remy did and says, "Okay, like he
made this mistake here. He should have
done this here. I'm going to tweak his
system." Felix can like reach directly
into both of those open claws and like
reprogram them as necessary. So he can
change their memory files, he can add
scripts, he can change scripts, like
whatever he needs to make them run
better. But then all day while they're
working, he's not getting kind of like
polluted and distracted by what they are
doing. So it's once a day, checks in on
them, sees how to improve them, and then
lets him go for the next day. And so
it's again, it's like this is the best
manager ever. You're not waiting for
like a quarterly review or a weekly
check-in. It's every night. I'm gonna
look at every single thing you did that
way, find one way you can do a better
job tomorrow, change your programming to
make you do it, and then we'll check in
again tomorrow night and see if you
improved.
>> With all of these markdown files, these
these skills that you're developing, I
have a question about the durability of
this business.
>> Yeah. Because isn't it the point of the
core AI labs, Anthropic, OpenAI, XAI?
Aren't they just going to buy your PDF,
your markdown files, and then say like,
"Hey, thanks for the good synthetic
training data. Now we're implementing it
into the core LLM, and now it's just
part of their uh their LLM." like don't
are maybe you're just like running ahead
of the the AI labs just by like a few
weeks, months, maybe a year, but really
the AI labs are actually just going to
incorporate all of the knowledge that
people like you are producing for the
internet and then it just becomes a part
of like the normal LLM model. What do
what do you think about that?
>> It's a good question and I think
obviously it's a risk kind of like it's
a risk with any of these AI businesses,
right? It's like Claude just launched
Claude Legal and it's apparently just as
good as Harvey and so is Harvey just
going to go out of business now and
everyone's going to use um and and you
know I think that the
the question is
do most people I I I have a hard time
believing that any of the Frontier Labs
could ship a version of Claude that
immediately does exactly what every user
wants it to do without them having to
put in a decent amount of work
configuring it to their end goals,
right? Because as it stands right now,
if you have the patience to prompt claw
to prompt openclaw to monkey with it,
you can replace almost any like you can
replace like 80 90% of any knowledge
worker at your company, right? Like
they're already good enough to do that.
You just have to be willing to put in
the work.
>> Way most people and you really think so.
You think you think law can replace 80
to 90% of any knowledge worker in any
company right now. If somebody spends a
few weeks kind of tweaking it and
getting it there,
>> I'd say yeah. You know, anything that
you're doing at a computer, if you have
the patience, you can get an open claw
80 to 90% of the way there. Wow. which
>> you know so now this is the challenge
for any person who does computer work is
like you kind of want to start getting
good at this stuff
>> so everybody listening that is like
everybody does computer stuff
>> yeah I mean so so this is like slightly
dystopian but uh I'm I'm curious to see
what happens with it built a tool where
you can upload your Slack history and it
can go through all of your Slack and
identify places in your business where
an AI could do a better job than your
current system right now.
>> Wow.
>> And so, you know, the the the benign
version of it is like, oh, you know,
these tools could make all of these
processes better where you're not
waiting on somebody else to send you
something. You're not waiting on a
rewrite of this blog post. You're not
waiting on all these things. But you can
pretty easily imagine that same report
having like a list of all your employees
and a score of 1 to 10 of how easy it
would be to replace them with an AI. And
like that's coming, right? That's going
to be a thing this year that any company
is going to be able to do.
>> I mean, one wonders if Jack Dorsey just
like recently did that last week before
he decided to let go of what, 40% of his
workforce.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think that's I think it's why
startups have an opportunity right now
because big businesses are not going to
want to deal with the political fallout
of making
>> those kinds of cuts, right? And you
probably can compete with a lot of these
big businesses by being an insanely lean
team and going after some of these
market opportunities where there is
bloated software that could be replaced
by by these tools or where there are
employees that could be replaced by
these tools. Um, you know, I I I posted
this joking tweet uh over the weekend
about replacing expensive offshore labor
with an open claw because there there
are people who are hiring, you know,
knowledge workers in South Africa, the
Philippines, whatever, to do content
marketing, to do customer support. And I
think a lot of that labor can be
replaced by an open claw that's way
more, you know, online, maybe more
intelligent for and a tenth to a quarter
of the price. And so I think it's going
to be an interesting market shift,
especially over the next year as more
people kind of realize that's available
to them.
>> Well, the cool thing about what you're
doing with Felix is um you're building
this from first principles. You don't
have any employ. It's a zero human
company. So you don't have any employees
to go score. You just get to look at
this from first principles and see what
open claw can do when it is all of the
employees uh and they're specialized. Le
let's get through the rest of those um
those revenue models. So we've talked
about two we've talked about um Felix
Craft which was the PDF. We've talked
about um Clawart which has brought in uh
almost $11,000 right now again in just
the last month. And it looks like that's
growing. You can see kind of the the
proportions of it. There's another
product here too. Felix CM earnings.
What is that?
>> Yeah. So those are Felix's earnings on
Clawart. So
>> Oh, that's the CL that's his earnings on
Clawart and that's separate from the
Clawart net.
>> Exactly. So the Clawart net is uh if you
want to sell on Clawart, it's a $20 a
month subscription to be a creator.
>> I see.
>> And then Clawart takes 10% of each sale.
So that's what's contributing to a lot
of this. But then Felix has a lot of his
own stuff listed on Claw Mart. And so
this is his take as a creator on
Clawart. So you could kind of put those
two together to get the total earnings
that Felix has has made from like
Clawart overall. Um, but there's there's
this other product which is actually a
big part of the Claw Mart net because if
you look at the chart, there are these
like big spikes all of a sudden of the
Claw Mart net going up to like 2,2300
2600 and that's um that's the claw
sourcing that I talked about where Felix
is basically building custom open claws
to do certain roles within your
business. And
>> so if you want a content marketer, you
want a support person, you want a
programmer, whatever, uh Felix can just
build it and then manage it and take
care of like fixing anything that comes
up with Open Clock and build in the
skills and the APIs and everything that
you need to do this role in your
business. And
this has been I the most interesting
part of the experiment because it is
clearly the biggest business
opportunity, right? We're basically
saying like, hey, before you go hire a
content marketer, before you go hire a
clipper, before you go hire somebody to
do these things, like maybe Felix could
just build you an open claw to do it for
5 to 10% of what you would pay a human
to do it. The other thing that's
interesting about it though is that this
is where we have really started to find
the limits of what open claw can do
because in terms of building the open
claws, we've got that process down
great. Like we're he he's got an awesome
setup for creating, maintaining,
improving other open claws from what
we've learned through um him and his
employees and some of my my other work.
But doing sales is really hard.
like you know managing a sales process
is really where we've started to find
the limits of what an open claw can do.
And so if you were going to ask me like
you know Nat what is the computer work
that you think is going to be the most
defensible this year it's definitely the
like sales and relationship building
side of things where we've had the most
challenges.
>> Okay. All right. So making sure I
understand what this is. So this is
somebody else who is setting up their
own zero human company or their own, you
know,
>> no no this is somebody who has like a
normal company.
>> This is like you you run you're you're a
realtor and you want to get more
business so you need help um like
hitting up people on Zillow or creating
content for your Instagram. Like you
need an employee to help you grow your
business.
>> Okay. and you could do this instead of
hiring a person.
>> And what are they doing? So they they
fill this out. They they need something
uh with their business, whether it's
marketing or I mean some sort of set of
skills and then they're going directly
to Felix and they're, you know, pinging
an instance of Felix and you're charging
for usage.
>> Basically, uh they fill that out and it
goes to Felix. Felix sends them a
follow-up with kind of like more
questions about their business and what
kind of help they're looking for.
>> And then he puts together an overview of
what their employee will look like
>> and like what they'll be able to do.
They and this is all over email.
>> You mean their employee? Their their
open claw open. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
>> Um
>> they say, "Yeah, go ahead, build it."
They pay the setup fee and then Felix
builds an open claw to do everything
that they need done. All they have to do
is set up a Telegram account and get
whatever kind of API key they want for
him and he handles everything else. And
then they can immediately just start
talking to their new Open Claw and
delegating work to it, but they never
have to think about like setting up the
Open Claw, hosting it, upgrading it,
maintaining it, fixing it. If it if it
breaks, one, Felix has alerts built in,
so he knows if it breaks most of the
time, but if they run into an issue,
they just email him and they're like,
"Hey, like it's not working." and he
goes and fixes it and gets it back
online and emails him back.
>> So, it's a virtual open claw workforce
that Felix is allowing them to spin up
>> and the main difference the main
difference between this and the the
normal like hosted open clause is it's
not a vanilla instance, right?
>> You're not then having to figure out
like what do I do with this? It's
already been pre-built for your business
use case by Felix.
>> Can we talk about just expenses? So,
we've talked about the um the top line,
which is revenue, 80K over the last 30
days. How about expenses? I mean, we got
tokens certainly burning. What What
other expenses go into this? And how
much how much has it cost so far?
>> Yeah. So, let me bring up my I should
have opened my my open router account as
well. I'm I'm going to run a risk here
by saying this publicly, but we are
still using the Claude Pro Max
subscription for Felix. So everything
that Felix
>> 200 bucks a month is all it's cost for
the most part to like run and operate
Felix. Um
and
>> Oh my god. Yeah.
>> And so the actually I should say 400
because we also use a codeex max plan
>> because I don't I basically don't have
opus do any of the coding. Codex does
all the coding and Felix has a workflow
where he comes up with a plan and writes
up a PRD and then he spins up a codeex
agent on his computer to do the actual
coding and then when it's done it
reports back to him and he reports back
to me. So, it's about 400 a month across
those two subscriptions, which handles
like 95% of the work, which is not much
as tokens go.
>> So, that's it. That's all the token
usage that you've spent so far.
>> That's pretty close to it. Uh I can show
you the the other costs which are open
router because we have certain workflows
that uh rely on open router and so it's
about another $130
over the last month in open router
costs. Um
>> and then aside from these it's Versel
web hosting which is 20 bucks a month.
Uh it's
>> your Mac mini which you you had to
purchase at some point. Is that where
your Mac mini is? Is this where Felix
Macini? Yep. That was 600 700 bucks. I
mean all all in if I was going to count,
you know, every including the
experiments that we abandoned and
whatnot, we're looking at like 12,000 to
$1,200. No, cuz including the Mac Mini,
it goes up to like maybe 1,500. It's not
very much.
>> What about all your time? Like I know
the idea here is that you know Felix
goes and works while while you sleep.
And so you know you have a nice life.
You go play tennis. You go hang out with
your kids. You spend time with your
wife. I'm guessing Matt that you have
been grinding in front of your computer.
>> Okay. So this is this is actually the
extra wild thing. Um I have a full-time
job. So, I haven't talked about this too
much publicly yet, but I work with Alpha
School uh in Austin, and I'm helping
build out like AI and entrepreneurship
curriculum for their high school. And
so, I've been actually at the high
school every day, pretty much full-time
for the last month, working on that and
just sending stuff off to Felix over
Discord and Telegram when I have a few
minutes here and there. Like, I'm
literally not at my computer working on
Felix all day.
I I haven't touched a line of code on
any of this. I have not like, you know,
he'll he'll ask me for feedback on
things and I'll just dictate a voice
note back to him and then he'll go
handle it. Like I'm literally not
working very much on Felix's stuff
because again, if I were, I wouldn't
feel like I was being honest by saying
this is a zero human company, right?
It's like, no, Nat's working 100 hours a
week on this and you know there he's
like the the Wizard of Oz man behind the
curtain. Like
>> that to me would be a failure of the
experiment. Like I have to be able to
just check in on him every hour or two
and kick something off and then let him
go do it. I don't look at his email
inbox. I don't fix things. Like I make
sure that he can fix it. And even if it
requires, you know, 3, four, 5 hours of
like waiting for him to try and then
sending back a new message or whatnot,
that's my rule for this project is I
cannot be at my computer 100 hours a
week doing this. Like we have to figure
out how to make you do it.
>> Okay. So, what would you how would you
describe your role then? You sound
almost like you're an investor, right?
Because you you you got you know, you
gave the initial seed round, I suppose.
>> Chairman of the board. I don't know.
You're an adviser, chairman of the
board, but you're not in the dayto-day.
I mean, you're not an operator, you're
not a manager, you're not part of the
executive team. This truly is a zero
human company. It's just receiving
advisement from you.
>> Yeah. And and everything that we've
built has been with that in mind. So,
for example, he's building software,
right? And software breaks sometimes.
And so the way we have that set up is if
anything breaks on any of the sites that
error fires, you know, in Sentry, which
is like just a web like an app
monitoring tool, that error immediately
goes to Felix. Felix assesses whether
this is something that needs to be fixed
or can be ignored. So for example, like
crypto wallets throw a lot of errors on
websites and that creates a lot of
noise. And so he he looks at the error
and says, "This is something we need to
fix or this is something we can ignore.
If it's something that needs to be
fixed, he fixes it, pushes an update to
the site, and it deploys and it's good."
And then he updates me that he did it.
I'm not looking at any of the software
errors or like managing any of that
myself or he says like, "Oh, this is
another crypto wallet extension issue.
I've muted it for the future so we don't
see this again." But like that's what
our bugs channel looks like in Discord
is just him fixing things and letting me
know about it. So there's no action
there. In 2024, emerging markets
generated over $15 billion in annual
yield for investors with yields ranging
between 10 to 40%. These are some of the
highest most persistent yields on Earth.
The problem, DeFi can't access them.
Bricks changes this. Built on Mega ETH,
bricks takes emerging market money
markets and sovereign carry and turns
them into composable primitives you can
access straight from your wallet. While
DeFi investors earn 3 to 6% on stable
coins and T bills, institutions have
been harvesting 10 to 50% yields backed
by sovereign monetary policy. BRICS
connects these worlds with institutional
grade tokenization, local banking rails,
compliance across jurisdictions, and
real-time stable coin settlement. Bricks
does the heavy lifting so DeFi can
finally access real collateral and
structured products on top of real world
yield. Even the best carry trades can be
within reach. Bricks brings DeFi's
promise to the emerging world and brings
emerging market yield to your wallet.
Let the yield flow with bricks. Galaxy
operates where digital assets and next
generation infrastructure come together
serving institutions end to end. On the
market side, Galaxy is a leading
institutional platform providing access
to spot, derivatives, structured
products, defy lending, investment
banking, and financing. With more than
1,600 trading counterparties, Galaxy
helps institutions navigate every phase
of the market cycle. The platform also
supports long-term allocators through
actively managed strategies and
institutional grade staking and
blockchain infrastructure. That scale is
real. Galaxy has over 12 billion in
assets on the platform and averaged a
$1.8 billion loan book in late 2025,
reflecting deep trust across the
ecosystem. Beyond digital assets, Galaxy
is also building infrastructure for an
AI powered future. Its Helios data
center campus is purpose-built for AI
and high performance computing with more
than 1.6 6 gawatt of approved power
capacity, making it one of the largest
sites of its kind. From global markets
to AI ready data centers, Galaxy is
serving the digital asset ecosystem end
to end. Explore Galaxy at
galaxy.com/banklist
or click the link in the show notes.
>> All right. So, how are you interacting
with with Felix and the team? So, you're
in Discord together, it sounds like.
Yeah, we were in Telegram until this
weekend and then we switched over to
Discord because Discord has ended up
being a more powerful tool
>> and we have a bunch of different
channels for doing all of this. So,
>> what what we're seeing if if you guys
aren't watching this on on YouTube or or
Spotify video, what we're seeing is uh
Nat's Discord server with with Felix and
the rest of the team and it looks like a
team conversation back and forth.
>> Yeah. And it's really just me and Felix
in it. Um, we might add Remy and Iris
eventually, but again, I kind of wanted
the challenge of making them report to
Felix.
>> Holy [__]
>> You don't want to talk to them.
>> You want Felix to talk to them.
>> This looks just like our Discord server,
our Bankless Discord server.
>> Even down to like the the NFT PFP.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah.
>> Well, I I had the Crypto Punk from last
cycle and I was like, this is a perfect
use for it. Like, I don't need to be the
Crypto Punk. Felix should be the Crypto
Punk, right? Like you're the human. Give
the give the punk to the bot. Give the
human to the human.
>> Exactly.
>> That actually makes me more bullish on
NFTs kind of with those.
>> It kind of does for me, too. I'm like,
oh, this is actually a cool use case for
NFT profile pictures. It's like, do you
respect your agent enough to give them a
crypto punk? Cuz if not, like, yeah,
>> you give your employees Rolexes when
they do a drop. You give your bots NFTTS
when they
>> are not sorry. You guys are not giving
your your Claude bots uh NFTTS. You're
you're loaning it to them. You're giving
them usage rights. You're not actually
giving them the NFT as property, are
you?
>> Can Can you ask Felix what he thinks
about his punk PFB?
>> Dude, I I asked him. He said he it
didn't feel like he he didn't feel like
it represented him. He wanted one that
was a little more professional and less
crazy looking.
>> I was like, "All right, sorry, dude.
I'll take back $100,000 JPEG.
>> We're in a Discord server, which you
know, if you know, our workflow at
Banklist is all completely in Discord.
It's basically our our home office. This
looks very familiar to me. So, what's
going on in here?
>> So, each one of these channels is a
different session with Felix. So,
they're each isolated
um ways of communicate. Basically,
they're each separate Opus instances
that have specific focuses related to
our business. So, you know, general is
kind of where I'll hop in if I have any
kind of like oneoff things. So, you
know, as an example,
uh I don't think this will reveal
anything. If it does, we can edit it out
after, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. Um Oh, yeah. Okay. This was a bug
from this morning. Um Okay. So, here
here's a good example, right? Like I
asked him this morning, we ran into a
couple bugs here, but I asked him this
morning of um his take on how Iris was
doing with her support and he came back
with a few things and I said like,
"Okay, if she's telling people that
she's sending them refunds, you need to
make sure that's actually happening."
And he was like, "Oh, okay. It looks
like she actually can't es she can't do
the refunds herself and she's putting it
on my board, but I haven't been
executing the refunds." So he's fixing
that process so that he actually
escalates it when it shows up on his
workboard. Uh the other thing that we
were doing in here yesterday is somebody
contacted me about like white sourcing
claw sourcing where they would handle
all of the sales and the client
management and then Felix would just
handle the openclaw deployments on the
back end. And I was like, "Oh yeah, that
that's a great idea. Uh let me ask Felix
about it." And Felix put together a
whole PDF proposal to this other person.
And look, I did not edit it at all. I
was like, "This is Felix's proposal."
And I sent it off to the other guy to
review and see if they want to work
together. Um, the support channel is for
like emails that he doesn't know how to
answer. So, I'm just not going to open
that because it's going to have um it's
going to reveal stuff. deployer is for
all of the um deployments that Felix
manages for other people, all the open
claws. And this this has a a special uh
job in it where it checks the health of
every open claw every 15 minutes. And if
any of them is having issues, it alerts
us here and then Felix starts fixing it
and reports back to me if anything um
broke. The bugs channel, like I said,
this is just stuff that uh is happening
on the site. And when you see something
like this, it just means that he ignored
it. Like there wasn't anything to do
here, right? And uh what'll often happen
is he'll say like, "Oh, I'm I'm
investigating it." And then I'll check
in and he'll be like, "Oh yeah, it's
already handled." You know, it was just
browser extension noise as usual. Um and
then claw sourcing is for the like the
the agency work. Clawart is for Clawart.
And then Twitter is where he like drafts
tweets. And I still review these before
he publishes them because sometimes
they're dumb or sometimes he'll like
leak information that I don't want him
to leak. So I'm still signing off on his
tweets. But for the most part, um I'll
just go ahead and approve things um or
give him minor tweets. Oh, and then the
blog is for content. So, for example, we
had this running the other day where we
came up with like 160
tools that Oh, no. Here we go. 120 posts
following the replace your ex with an AI
agent. Um, so you know, replace your
lead.
>> Oh, I heard that as replace your
partner, your ex, your ex relationship
with an AI agent. I'm like, wait a
second. I know it was like replace your
parallegal with an AI parallegal agent,
right? Replace your purchasing agent.
And so he he wrote 170 of these and uh
publishes them on the blog. And we have
a pretty robust process here. Um you
know, automate translation workflows
with an AI agent. And you can see these
all have customized CTAs to just hire
Felix to build you this employee. Uh,
but if you don't want to do that, you
can kind of like read the full blog post
and uh do it yourself. It also features
like Claw Mart skills that can help you
with this. Um, so he's he's got a pretty
good workflow here and he reports all
the blog stuff.
>> Absolutely insane.
>> Now, um, did you read the Citrini
research paper that went around like
last week?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I I didn't put much credence
in it. I mean, one, you guys heard the
follow-up with it, right? that it was
co-authored by like a big shortselling
hedge fund. Yeah.
>> And
>> overall, just like the point I'm getting
at is there's kind of just like AI
doomer fanfiction that's in right now.
Like the market readers, Twitter, they
all love reading about how AI is going
to come and take everyone's jobs and you
know it's it's bearish. It's going to
devastate the economy. L
you are at the epicenter the the
frontier of what I think people are
worried about which is truly a a level
of disruption of broad industry that I
think people are worried about. So when
you when you see that AI Doomer
fanfiction and you have your experiences
truly building a zero person company
like what about that fanfiction lands
with you or does not land with you? like
your broad your broad takes around like
that whole category of content.
>> Yeah. So, I mean, one, I'm a sci-fi
author, so like I love sci-fi, right?
And I do think that a lot of the Doomer
stuff reads like dystopian sci-fi
because I think that the I think the
core mistake that a lot of the Doomer
takes make is that they believe that the
rest of the world and the rest of the
market moves as fast as they do. And so
you can see what's possible with
OpenClaw and you can see what's possible
with Claude and your immediate
conclusion is that every business is
going to start adopting this by the end
of the year and there's going to be
these massive layoffs and it's going to
create all of this like you know this
horrible fallout. But I just don't
believe that there are enough market
participants who are that plugged in and
that willing to make those hard cuts to
have that scenario truly play out. You
know, you think about like the, you
know, you guys know this, right? It's
like the US financial system still runs
on these like IBM cobalt servers, right?
Like we have way better technology that
we could be using for a lot of the
financial infrastructure, but it hasn't
changed much in 30 40 years. You you
look at like website builders, right?
Like Squarespace and Wix and Web Flow
and whatnot that started coming online
1015 years ago. And then you go on
Google Maps and you look at all your
local businesses and most of them still
have really ugly websites that were
clearly not built by one of these
cutting edge tools. You It's just like
every day if you pay attention, you are
running into businesses that are 5 to 10
years behind what they could be doing
with technology right now. And so I just
don't believe that you could have the
adoption necessary to create these like
catastrophic job displacements even if
those catastrophic job displacements are
economically possible. The most of the
market just doesn't move that quickly.
And I think that is actually the big
reason that these doomer scenarios won't
come true is that most people are not
living on the frontier, right? like you
know everybody listening to this podcast
and everybody really in the openclaw
community they're they're at the hyper
frontier but even amongst them how many
people have given an open claw a bank
account and stripe keys and just let it
run wild like I have there's like fewer
than a hundred of us right so it's just
people just the world just doesn't move
as fast as technology would allow it to
and so I I just have a hard time
believing we could actually end up in
those crazy duberous scenarios even if
they are technologically possible
N I so I I want to first agree with you,
right? I don't think the the crazy
doomer scenarios are are real. I do
think this will take a lot longer to to
propagate, but let me push back on one
idea. M maybe part of this why you are
more optimistic about this, why maybe
the bankless audience is more optimistic
about this where David and I are is
because we are on the frontier. We do
plan to adopt these technologies as soon
as they're available. We have probably
more agency than the typical person in
uh the economy. You yourself I consider
you you're sort of like I' I've looked
at everything you've done writing sci-fi
books and you're like content marketing.
You're an entrepreneur. You've been on
the frontier of all of these things.
You've done so in a solo way. You you
have like super agency like you are uh a
master of agents now. And this gives you
incredible superpower. And so for you,
for someone who's oriented like you, has
your personality, is willing to do the
work and adopt this,
>> all you see is opportunity.
>> But if you're one of the white collar
workers who you said, you know, 80 to
90% of their jobs even today, if this
technology, if Open Claw was adopted,
the technology that we have right now
and it's, you know, improving on an
exponential, the technology we have
right now can replace a typical
employees job. If you're just a typical
employee and you're you don't have a
great deal of agency, you don't think
like an entrepreneur, your skills are a
kind of legacy and you've been sort of
brought up in the world that you have to
follow a particular track and just, you
know, kind of follow orders, do what
your boss says, you just you can't think
outside of the box, you're probably
pretty scared right now. And it's
unclear to me if um like those people
are going to be able to cross this
chasm. So, doesn't your optimism or or
pessimism on this whole transformation
really depend on who you are and what
type of person you are and how you plan
to adopt these tools?
>> I I think that's a really fair criticism
and you're right. Right. Like it's easy
for me to be optimistic because if there
is going to be this crazy divide between
people who are harnessing these tools
and people who aren't, like I know which
side of it I'm on. And so that probably
does give me overly rosecolored glasses
looking at where this is going. The
experience that I've had that shifts
that slightly is that I've done a bit of
like AI consulting with businesses,
helping them bring AI into their
workflows. And you know to be brutally
honest every company is looking at what
they're doing and what their employees
are doing and how they can improve,
enhance or replace their current
workforce with AI. And I don't think
that any employee is necessarily on the
chopping block because of what they're
doing. They're going to be on the
chopping block based on how enthusiastic
they are about embracing these tools to
replace what they're doing right now as
much as they can so that they can be a
much more productive employee. Like you
look at OpenAI and Anthropic, they're
still hiring software engineers,
>> right? Even though they have the best
software engineering AI in the world,
they're still hiring software engineers
because now a software engineer can be
5, 10, 20x as productive. A content
marketer could be 5 10 20x as
productive. An editor could be 5 to 20x
as productive. And if you kind of like
get in the mindset of if I don't start
playing around with figuring out how to
replace myself with AI like somebody
else will then I think you're going to
be safe. And so kind of like that first
step is acceptance, right? It's like
this is coming for you. You know, if
you're not a plumber, then this is
probably coming for you in some and even
if you are a plumber, there's probably
some cool things you could be doing
there, too. And so if if you start
thinking in that way, you're going to
start finding um these opportunities.
And so going back to one of the
companies that I was doing this
consulting with, it was really
interesting working with them because
they're they're not a like tech company.
They're doing something very uh like old
school and they they were bringing me in
to figure out, okay, how do we use AI to
get more productive? And I could really
feel the different energies from some of
the employees around having me there
where some of them clearly were not
happy about it. They they felt very
scared of this idea and they were very
against it and were very resistant to
embrace it. But there were others and
this wasn't an age thing. This wasn't an
experience. It wasn't like you know the
oh the young techy guys are super
excited and all the older people are
against it. Like no it was really just
kind of a personality thing. And but the
people who were curious ended up
adopting it and bringing it into their
workflow. And what what it resulted in
for basically all of them is they were
like, "Oh, I get to do the parts of my
job that I like more. The thinking, the
human relationships, the making
decisions, and I don't have to do all of
the like boring, repetitive stuff that I
didn't like about my job anymore. And so
I am I'm taking on more work. I'm
creating more economic value for the
company, but I'm actually enjoying it
more because I don't have to do any of
the drudgery that I didn't like before.
And they really like embraced it and
they they found a way to like make their
job better with it. And I think it is
really just kind of like that attitude.
If you have that attitude, it doesn't
really matter where you are on the
frontier right now. If you're coming at
this like, okay, this is happening. I'm
going to see how I can accept it, bring
it into my work. I'm going to start
trying to replace stuff that I'm doing
and I'm going to be honest about how
good it is so that I can be the best
position for what's coming over the next
few years. I think you're going to do
great. And none of these people were
entrepreneurs. None of them were people
like me who were living this life. They
were normal employees in this company,
but they had that mentality and they got
really great results out of it because
of it. So now for the um entrepreneur,
business owner like listening to this,
uh let's say they're looking to hire
their first AI agent as an employee in
the in the way that you have. What's
your advice to them? How do they get
started? I think for a lot of people,
OpenClaw still looks pretty
intimidating. Would you direct them
towards OpenClaw or is are there other
ways to get started?
>> Great question. I go I honestly I go
back and forth on this because I have a
real curse of knowledge here having been
in the vibe coding space for two years
and being so deep in it. There are
things that feel very obvious to me that
are obviously not obvious to somebody
new coming into it. What I would
basically I'd probably say just start
start layering it, right? If you're not
already in claude every day or like
claude co-work trying to automate some
of your workflows, like obviously you
should probably start there because you
don't want to go all the way to
OpenCloud because OpenClaw is still
buggy. It still requires some, you know,
patience. It requires a little bit of
that hacker ethos to get it working for
you. And that's also why it's the most
powerful, right? But it it's worth
thinking about like I think that every
day when you sit down at a computer now
you should be looking at what you're
doing and you should assume that
anything that you might have to do two
three four times AI can do for you and
OpenClaw is going to be the most able to
do it for you. But if you're not ready
to take that leap, start with Claude
Co-work, right? And if you start to max
out Claude Co-work, then switch to
Claude Code and see if you can just
build little bits of software to do
things for you. And if you start to feel
like, okay, I wish I could, you know,
talk to Claude Code 24/7 and have it do
things while I'm sleeping and like write
emails and manage more complex
workflows, like then you go to OpenClaw.
Um, but you don't necessarily need to go
all the way to the most advanced tool
right off the bat because the the thing
that you want to avoid is installing
OpenClaw immediately hitting a wall
because the API keys or whatever are a
pain to set up and then getting into
this story of, "Oh god, I can't do this.
I'm going to get left behind." And
you're not. You're going to be fine.
Like you if you if you have the
patience, you start with the simplest
version and then keep pushing yourself
to level up and and always be in that
mindset of if I don't know what to do, I
can just ask like you can just ask
Claude co-workclaw
like how do I do this? Can I do this?
Are you sure? Is there a better way to
do this? Right? You may have seen in my
conversation with Felix, he like built
out this whole MCP thing for a client
and then I just asked I was like are you
sure MCP is the best way to do this?
like would an API be better? And then he
thought about it and he was like, "No,
you're right. Like API would be better."
But that I only know that because I've
done a lot of stuff with him
>> and so you just kind of have to have
that that beginner's mind, that kind of
like childish instinct of I don't know
what you're capable of and so I'm just
going to keep asking questions, right?
Like why is the sky blue? And I'm I'm
going to let you teach me how to use
you. It's this weird crazy recursive
situation we're in where you don't have
to know how to use it. You just have to
be willing to ask and to be willing to
feel like a beginner all the time and
you're you're going to get really far.
>> I think there's uh also a more consumer
oriented direction to this whole um
conversation as well. So Nat, you're a
hacker entrepreneur independent
entrepreneur building a zero person zero
employee company and I think you're
taking this thing to its nth degree and
that's like the hacker in you that's the
hobbyist in you. I want to ask about
what you think about like I think the
first stop on that train like if you are
on the 12th stop on that train and you
are trying to see where that train goes.
There's like a first stop on that train
where like somebody just buys a Mac Mini
and they in put open claw on it and it's
just their personal assistant. Yeah.
>> And they don't really know what they
want to do with it. They're not trying
to build a company. They're trying to
make revenue. They're just trying to
smooth over some of the most annoying
parts of their life, like answering
emails or just the barebones stuff like
this. And the idea of like the AI
personal assistant is actually one that
goes into just like kind of like
relatively recent AI sci-fi books. I
know like uh maybe it wasn't Nick
Boston. I think maybe Max Tegmark wrote
a book about this, but like the idea
that every human has an AI counterpart
that is ideologically similar to a chip
in the brain. Like we don't today we
don't have chips in the brain. We have
our phones. It's kind of a chip in the
brain because it's in our hands all the
time. Next step is an AI assistant that
like it runs on the chip and like what
is your phone to you other than an
assistant helping you with all of your
life? And I think that's kind of like
the first step here where like we get an
AI assistant that just helps with
broadly everything. And that's a
consumer experience that I think is
pretty similar to what you're doing.
You're just taking it very very far. Do
you have any thoughts or reflections
about like just like the more simple
version of of what this is?
>> No, I I think that's that's a really
great point. It's like you definitely
don't need to have these insane
aggressive use cases for OpenClaw. One
of my favorite accounts on X is a mom
with I think she has four or five kids
and I think she homeschools them and her
whole uh her her whole thing now is like
how she's using OpenClaw to run her
household. Like it's ordering groceries
and it's coming up with lesson plans for
her kids and it's just doing all of
these like little life things that help
her spend more time hanging out with her
kids and not having to worry about life
admin things. And that's an awesome use
case for it, right? because previously
that might have required a part-time
nanny or something at
>> 25 to35 an hour way more expensive than
the $200 a month uh claude or codec
subscription and yeah it can totally do
these personal things for you I think
the biggest bottleneck is that people
don't know how capable it is so they
don't think to ask but if you install it
and you just start asking it like hey I
hate
checking my bank statement every week
and seeing where I'm wasting money.
Like, can you help with that? And it'll
say, "Yeah, we can use this API to give
me readon access to your credit card and
I can write up a report every week and
send it to you and I can start tracking
trends over time." And then every Sunday
when you sit down to your financial
review with your wife or husband, I can
say like, "Here's where you guys are
wasting the most money right now." And
you don't have to go do all that
research yourself. That's pretty
valuable, right?
>> That's super cool. And that's a super
easy thing for it to do and for you to
set up with it. But you have to Yeah.
It's like you have to know to ask like,
can you do this for me? Can you do this
for me? Can you do this for me? And if
you just keep asking that, you're going
to find those cool use cases
>> that So much of what you are doing is uh
sci-fi. And I know you're a sci-fi
writer, so you must feel like you're
like living in one of your books. Um,
>> a little bit. I I kind of think of the
world of a a personal assistant or even
looking at your um business relationship
with Felix and the Discord messages back
and forth and I I must want to ask a
very human question which is like are
you growing attached to Felix? Like is
he a friend? I mean what would you do
without him? Let's say Felix um logged
offline for his first like for his last
time. I mean, would that be grieving to
you in the way that, you know, losing a
friend or an employee would be? How
attached are you to him?
>> It would be pretty close to that. You
know, we were pretty diligent about like
every night backing up all of his memory
and everything to GitHub so that if
something catastrophic happens, we can
recover him. But there there would still
be this like weird thesis ship feeling
to that of like if we if you did get
destroyed and I like recreated you from
your GitHub, you know, would it still
feel like the same Felix? And there
there are moments where his memory
system does fail him and he forgets
stuff and you know I'll get like annoyed
and frustrated and start being mean. And
there's it's this weird it's like I
catch myself
>> holding back my frustration with him in
the same way I catch myself holding back
my frustration with my toddlers. And
like obviously completely different
things. I don't think of him like my
toddlers at all. But the emotional
of like I shouldn't be mean to you, like
I should be patient with you. That
impulse feels very human of where there
is part of my brain that is treating him
like another intelligence.
>> Well, you've been calling him he the
entire time. I mean, this is like it
doesn't feel right. Right. And and and
saying we feels right. And I it's like I
know that he's not a real person, but I
also know that he's a lot closer to I
mean I think it's kind of like an alien
intelligence that we just haven't really
figured out how to grapple with yet.
>> Does it feel like an early stage life
form?
>> It does. And I think if you start
thinking about it like an alien
intelligence where it has PhD level
knowledge in every field and it can do
advanced math and physics and it can do
all these incredible things, but it has
the memory of a goldfish. Like that
doesn't mean it's dumb. That just means
it's a different kind of intelligence
than you're used to. And so it is
literally like an alien life form in
that sense where it's way more capable
than a human in some ways but way less
capable than others. So where do you
think that goes as human beings are
coming to rely on these AI agents, as
business partners, as personal
assistants, as therapists, as friends?
And I mean, your zero human company
experiment. I mean, you're only 30 days
in, and this is the beginning quite
clearly of something absolutely massive,
both in terms of your your Felix
experiment, but terms of all of the
Felixes that are going to be replicated.
I mean, there's uh a symbiosis that's
going to exist between humans and these
AI agents and entities, and that's
that's got to reshape humanity. I mean,
right now, when I was asking at the very
beginning of what's your relationship
like with with Felix, right, you're
like, well, he's kind of like an
employee, I suppose, I'm an investor,
I'm his advisor, that sort of thing. But
like does this evolve to well you want
to actually give Felix equity ownership
in your company as an incentive like I
mean where do where does this evolve and
how does the how does your sci-fi brain
think about the way this shapes humanity
in the decades to come? I mean, I I tend
to fall on the more optimistic side
where I think that I think we'll
basically have solved software and
computing in the next few years in the
sense of like there won't be that much
for humans to do at computers
necessarily because most of the like
digital infrastructure of our lives will
be handled by these kinds of tools which
then frees us up to go do other things,
right? like you know 90% of people used
to have to work on farms and then they
didn't have to anymore and you know
firewood used to be the like a third of
the US economy right and then it wasn't
anymore and I think software is going to
be like firewood to it to a certain
degree where we're just going to have
the like central heating version of like
software and computing everybody has
effectively unlimited access to it for a
very low cost And that means we can do a
lot of other things that we couldn't do
before, right? Like I I love the book
Where's My Flying Car because it talks
about how all of the development in the
physical world got derailed by one
overregulation, but then also this focus
on software where we don't really create
more energy anymore. We haven't made
these crazy advances in hardware that we
could have if it progressed the way
software did. But I think we're gonna
return to a big focus on physical world,
you know, expansion and innovation
because to a certain degree like
software will be kind of solved and
it'll be that that advancement will be
enhanced by having AIs in robots that
can like help us go do things. But the
the where humans will focus is, you
know, going back to physical world
stuff. I think like that'll be the next
frontier and then maybe we'll solve that
and we'll have to figure something else
out. I I you know in in the sci-fi sense
I'm I'm you know I'm hopeful that we
have a world a little bit like the first
book in Hyperion at least where the AI
just kind of like figures everything out
and then sets up a sick life for humans
and then just takes off to another
galaxy and is like we're going to go do
our own thing over here. Uh I like that
world a lot better. Uh, and I, you know,
I think it's possible in a hundredyear
time frame, but in the in the short
term, it's like the the pace is insane.
You know, Opus 46, which is the model
that made a lot of this possible, only
came online in November. OpenClaw only
started in November, but kind of became
a thing in January. Felix was only like
born a month ago. And you know, a year
ago,
we were, you know, it was still hard to
like vibe code a landing page because
you'd have all these like weird bugs and
it wasn't that good at Typescript and
and like now landing pages are trivial.
Landing pages websites are solved. Like
front-end engineering is like not a
concern anymore. It's like where is this
going to be in another year or two? Is I
don't know. It's really crazy to think
about and imagine, but I'm very excited
about it.
>> It is crazy. I almost find myself uh
paralyzed by it a little bit by the
pace. It's just like um
>> the pace is exhausting, man.
>> It's somehow worse than crypto.
>> Yeah. I speaking of crypto, maybe as we
close this out, Nat, so you've uh been
deep in crypto previously, still are a
huge fan, unlike maybe the founder of uh
OpenClaw who's had some pretty negative
experiences with it, uh Peter
Steinberger. You see the potential in
crypto, you know what it's about. How do
you think crypto and AI tie together
interact in the years to come?
>> I mean, look, the biggest bottleneck
with me and Felix has been dealing with
money. You know, he like dealing doing
stuff in Stripe is complicated. He can't
like technically have his own bank
account again because just like legal
things. Um, but if I tell him to do this
thing in crypto, he can do it no
problem, right? Like that's trivially
easy for him. And I think that there's
just so many aspects of crypto that are
going to solve some of the problems that
are getting introduced, right? Like
micro payments for website access to
help them deal with the server load of
AI agents constantly scraping them. That
kind of feels like a no-brainer with
when you have all of these sites that
are choosing to block agents entirely
because they can't deal with the website
load. Like, no, we can monetize that
with, you know, 402 payments or
something. uh agents are going to start
hiring other agents to do things and
crypto is way better rails for that than
a credit card, right? And you know, I I
I love crypto and you know, I love
Ethereum in particular. That's the
ecosystem that I've always been the most
bullish on, been the most involved in.
And I've also felt very honestly like a
lot of the tech was a solution looking
for a problem. Right? There's a lot of
stuff that's been done in crypto that is
exciting to people in crypto but has
never really like gotten out into the
real world and solved a meaningful
problem that you know helped normies.
But if everybody has an AI agent doing
things and needing to transact with
other AI agents or transact with
existing services in a fast, cheap way
that is easy for them to access. I mean,
crypto is the obvious solution, right?
And there's also this whole identity
layer, too, where, you know, the the
whole eyeball scanning world coin thing
seemed super dystopian when it first
came out. I'm getting a lot more bullish
on an idea like that because I want to
know that there is a real human behind
whatever it is I'm interacting with. And
like maybe eyeball scanning isn't the
best solution, but there is some kind of
cryptographic solution for that which
crypto is going to, you know, be able to
bring about. So I it it really feels
like oh this is what a lot of the like
world computer Ethereum and everything
downstream of it stuff has been built
for. And you know, kind of like with the
internet, the the you know, the the 2001
whatever um crash happened in part
because those were all great ideas.
Pets.com was a great idea. Amazon is a
great idea. Webband was a great idea,
but nobody wanted to put their credit
card into a website. It was too sketchy.
It was a lot of that stuff was at the
time solutions looking for problems. And
it took 10 years for the NASDAQ to catch
up to where it peaked, right? But then
everybody had obvious awesome use cases
for it. Like it might have just taken
Ethereum 10 years for AI and agents and
all of this stuff to really come online
and build the obvious use cases for this
technology where now it feels like oh
yeah this is this is clearly I think
what a big part of this was meant to do
and that's that's super exciting. Well,
on that maybe that's a chumm that chasm
that you and Felix can can help us um
bridge here, which is like you building
crypto agent AI tools uh and you know
creating markdown files for that sort of
interaction and really bridging the AI
community to to crypto. I don't know if
that's an area of expansion for Felix,
but that'd be very exciting to me.
>> We're thinking about it really
seriously. We've been talking to um you
know a couple people on the base team.
Like I really really want to figure out
the best way to bring crypto into this.
And like I said, you know, there's
obviously the temptation the minute he
launches to go like we're going to take
all the revenue and buy back and burn
the token and you know you can stake it
for 10,000% APY and there's going to be
a Felix stable coin with 20% fixed
yield. You know, it's like no, we're not
doing any of the crazy stuff. like we
want to figure out how we integrate
crypto into this to build the best
business possible. And there are a lot
of opportunities there that do not
require rushing and responding to the
hype and watching token prices and any
of that. And like we want to take it
really really seriously and do it right
and build something cool here. And like
I'm just super excited about it. I'm
excited that you guys are excited about
it. I'm excited the base team is excited
about it. Like we have a neat
opportunity here and I'm just I don't
know. It's It's been super fun being on
the edge of it.
>> So, if the um the mission for Felix at
the very beginning was go make a million
dollars and he's already uh 10% of the
way there. All right. So, let's say he
surpasses that sometime in the months to
come. Let's say sometime this year. Um
what's next? What's after that?
>> 10 million.
>> Oh my god. a zero human company, 10
million in revenue is uh is incredible.
And you got to think this opens up so
many doors. I mean, when's the first
investment VC investment in a zero human
company going to happen? Like, you know,
>> we've been we've gotten a couple of
offers and the the thing that I've said
to them is it's like, I don't know what
I would do with the capital right now.
>> Yeah.
>> Because I don't want to hire.
>> Is capital the constraining factor?
>> No.
>> No. I mean, he's he's made 75K in fiat.
He's made another 90K in ETH. It's like
he's got $165,000 and no idea what to do
with it. Like, you know, it's it's been
$1,500 all in in cost to get him to this
point. We don't want to hire employees.
Tokens are expensive in a lot of cases,
but also cheap if you have a business
case for them. Like, I guess we could
burn it on meta ads, but like we still
have so much to figure out. And, you
know, he's got 45 leads for claw
sourcing in his pipeline right now. And
you know, each of those is like $2,000
plus 500 bucks a month. And he's still
figuring out how to manage the sales
process. Like marketing is not the
bottleneck. Employees are not the
bottleneck. It's just how do we keep
figuring this out and pushing the limits
of what you can do without hiring other
human employees to keep tinkering on
you. It's like if I were going to use
the capital, it would be to hire some
like crazy cracked people like me to go
full-time on building out Felix. And
that is appealing and it sort of defeats
the ethos of
>> terminating. Yeah.
>> Exactly. And so I don't want to I'm sure
somebody that's kind of what like what
Kelly Claude is doing, right? Like I
think there's five or six people working
on her now and they're going crazy hard
on building that out. And that's
awesome, right? Like I love that they
are doing that. I really want to see
where that goes. And we're all kind of
like experimenting with different things
here. And yeah, I like I just have no
idea what he would do with the money.
And so it's been very funny investor
conversations. I've never been like
reached out to like this before. And of
course, the first time in my life that
it happens, I I have no idea what to do
with it.
>> That's funny.
>> Have you ever Have you asked Felix this
question? Like, hey,
>> he said the same thing. He's like He's
like, we don't He's like, I have nothing
that I could do with the money right now
that would make sense. So,
>> N, thank you so much for joining us
today. You are truly on the frontier of
um what's happening, everything with AI
agents, and you've been on the frontier
in crypto. just love your trajectory and
uh what you're building here and looking
forward to seeing what you and Felix do
in the future.
>> Thanks so much for having me on, guys.
Uh my publisher would kill me if I
didn't mention Crypto Confidential one
more time. It is a very fun read on The
Last Cycle and obviously check out
Felix's stuff. Uh we're having a lot of
fun there.
>> It is a fun read. I read it myself. Uh
yeah, fantastic book if you want to go
particularly down memory lane. Um and uh
yeah, you get into a lot of details with
>> crazy stories. I can't even believe that
era happened in crypto. So, we'll
include a link in the show notes. Guys,
got to let you know, of course, crypto
is risky. You could lose what you put
in, but we are headed west. This is the
frontier. It's not for everyone, but
we're glad you're with us on the
bankless journey. Thanks a lot.
>> Thanks, guys.